Prepare for release (#4)
henki-robotics/robotics_essentials_ros2: 3-create_ros_2_package/README.md

**NOTE**: You need to do this build and source step every time you relaunch your Docker container!

> After a successful building, you should see a following message. You can ignore the produced warning message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successfully building, you should see the following message. You can ignore the produced warning message.
```
